Separate workflows for running tests and building documentation (#1033)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: MAINTENANCE.md

>    In draft Pull Requests, only one job (Ubuntu + Python latest)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In draft Pull Requests, only one job (Linux + Python latest)
```

   is triggered to save on Continuous Integration resources.

3. `ci_docs.yml` (Build documentation on Linux/macOS/Windows)

   This is run on every commit to the *master* and Pull Request branches.

>    In draft Pull Request, only the job on Ubuntu is triggerd to save on
>    Continuous Integration resources.

Reviewer: We say Linux/macOS/Windows and then use Ubuntu. Maybe just use Linux in case people don't know Ubuntu is a Linux distribution.

```suggestion
   In draft Pull Requests, only the job on Linux is triggered to save on
   Continuous Integration resources.
```
